docs(angular): Fix typo and grammar in comments (#8448)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: packages/angular/README.md

export class AppModule {}
```

> Then inside your component's template (keep in mind that directive name attribute is required):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, inside your component's template (keep in mind that the directive's name attribute is required):
```
